So, at this point, we are able to navigate to our slash create route,
but the component that we are rendering there,
which is our CreateContact component,
isn't actually doing anything yet.
So, let's go ahead and make it a little more interesting.
So, what we want to do first,
is let's go ahead and import Link,
because the first thing we want to do is set up a back button.
So, we will grab Link from react-router-dom,
and then inside of our UI here, let's delete that,
and the first thing we want to render is a link,
we'll give it a className of close-create-contact.
I'm going to close our sidebar here just to give us a little bit more room.
The next prop we want to pass it,
is where we want to actually go,
which is just going to be our home route,
and then we will say close.
Then now if we save this,
what we should have is a little error button here,
and now we can navigate between both of these different routes.
So, now the next thing we want to do, is if you remember,
the whole point of create is to be able to create a new contact,
and part of that is having the user be able to upload their image.
So, we have this image input component,
that was given to you when you first started out.
So, what we want to do now,
is let's go ahead and render that.
We'll give this a class name of create-contact-avatar,
inputs a little long, but it'll work.
We'll give it a name of avatar URL,
and then let's say maxHeight is going to be 64,
and let's not forget to wrap this inside of a form component
because that's the whole point of the slash create route,
and we'll also give this form a class name,
we will say it's going to be create-contact form.
Then, now you'll notice we have our little ImageInput here,
and the next information that we want to get from the user is their name,
and their twitter handle.
So, right below our image input,
let's render a div with a class name of create-contact-details,
and then inside of here,
what we'll have is two different inputs.
The first one, or really both of them will have a type of text,
name will be name, and then placeholder,
will be Name on this first one,
and the second one will also have a type of text.
Name is going to be handle,
and place holder will just be Handle.
Now the last thing our form needs is a nice little button,
which we can just come in and add right here,
and what it will say is Add Contact.
So now, this looks pretty good.
What we need to do now and we'll do this in the next video,
is when we fill out this form,
we now need to take that information,
save it to our fake database,
or make an API request for that,
and then also update our local state.